OPSEXP-1936 Move quickstart at the start of deployment guide (#531)
Alfresco/alfresco-ansible-deployment: docs/deployment-guide.md

> that prefix for your copy-pasting convenience. Keep in mind that you can also
> run `pipenv shell` that will spawn a new shell that automatically assume that
> every command is related to the current pipenv virtualenv. You can exit from
> that shell just by using `exit` or `Ctrl+D`.

If you intend to deploy an Enterprise system, create the mandatory environment
variables that hold your Nexus credentials as shown below (replacing the values
appropriately):

```bash
export NEXUS_USERNAME="<your-username>"
export NEXUS_PASSWORD="<your-password>"
```

Now you have the control node setup you can [configure](#configure-your-deployment) your deployment and decide what kind of deployment you would like.

To deploy everything on the control node follow the steps in the [Localhost Deployment](#localhost-deployment) section or to deploy to one or more other machines follow the steps in the [SSH Deployment](#ssh-deployment) section.

If you are going to do a production deployment, please take a look at the
mandatory [Secrets management](#secrets-management) section, otherwise you can
set `autogen_unsecure_secrets: true` in `groups_var/all.yml` to just autogenerate secrets

> before running the playbook.

Author: this lead to a failure if playbook is run a second time:

```
Vault file can't be changed by this playbook once encrypted
```

This page describes how to deploy Alfresco Content Services (ACS) using the Ansible playbook found in this project.

> If it's your first time with Ansible, then a read of [Ansible concepts](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/basic_concepts.html) is highly suggested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic understanding experience in Ansible is expected to successfully complete the deploymen; If it's your first time with the tool, please have a read of [Ansible concepts](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/basic_concepts.html).
```

file to the control node together with the SSH private key required to login to
the target machines, and SSH into the machine:

```bash
scp  alfresco-ansible-deployment-<version>.zip user@controlnode:
scp  -i ~/.ssh/ansible_rsa user@controlnode:.ssh
ssh  user@controlnode
unzip alfresco-ansible-deployment-<version>.zip
cd alfresco-ansible-deployment
```

You can also use Git to fetch latest sources (or a specific release for example by adding `-b v2.1.0`) on the control node with:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ansible-deployment.git
cd alfresco-ansible-deployment
```

> You may want to generate an SSH key pair locally and use it later for
> deployment. Wether you generate one or you use one you copied over to the
> control node, it is your responsibility to deploy it to the target machines so
> Ansible can use it. Using SSH keys is recommended but not mandatory. If using
> password instead make sure to add the `-k`switch to the ansible command so it
> prompts you for a password.

### Setup runtime environment

Before starting using the playbook, make sure you are running at least python 3.8:

```bash

> python3 --version

Author: changed all python to python3 because seems more reliable (I've tested on a bare ubuntu:22.04 container and `python` symlink is not present unless a specific package is installed)

> pip install --user pipenv

Author: ```suggestion
```

```

We made mandatory the usage of [pipenv](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) to
make sure that you will run the playbook with the same set of python
dependencies we are running our integration tests.

Install pipenv via pip:

```bash
pip install --user pipenv
```

If `pip` is not available, you can bootstrap pipenv using the [crude
installation](https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/install/#crude-installation-of-pipenv):

```bash
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pypa/pipenv/master/get-pipenv.py | python3
```

Now you are ready to install Ansible and required runtime dependencies in a dedicated
virtual environment managed by pipenv.

Run from the playbook folder:

```bash

> pipenv install --deploy

Author: I've removed the flag forcing to use our pinned python version, python 3.8+ should always work and no need to bother the user with that

> run `pipenv shell` that will spawn a new shell that automatically assume that
> every command is related to the current pipenv virtualenv. You can exit from
> that shell just by using `exit` or `Ctrl+D`.

If you intend to deploy an Enterprise system, create the mandatory environment
variables that hold your Nexus credentials as shown below (replacing the values
appropriately):

```bash
export NEXUS_USERNAME="<your-username>"
export NEXUS_PASSWORD="<your-password>"
```

Now you have the control node setup you can [configure](#configure-your-deployment) your deployment and decide what kind of deployment you would like.

To deploy everything on the control node follow the steps in the [Localhost Deployment](#localhost-deployment) section or to deploy to one or more other machines follow the steps in the [SSH Deployment](#ssh-deployment) section.

If you are going to do a production deployment, please take a look at the
mandatory [Secrets management](#secrets-management) section.

Alternatively, you can add the parameter `-e autogen_unsecure_secrets=true` to
the `ansible-playbook` command to just autogenerate secrets before running the

> playbook for the first time (remove it for the next runs).

Author: I've rewritten this but I am wondering if I could just improve the secrets-init to not bother when autogen_unsecure_secrets is enabled

Reviewer 2: If, so we should keep it for later and capture it in a new JIRA
